Databrary User Agreement

The undersigned user (“User”) wishes to participate in one or more
services or systems to be operated by Databrary, a New York University
Repository for sharing video and metadata for developmental and
behavioral research (the “Databrary Repository”).

By signing this User Agreement, effective as of the date entered below
(the “Effective Date”) each of User and the Repository agrees to be
bound by the Databrary Repository User Guide (as defined therein) and
policies and guidance issued thereunder, as each may be amended,
supplemented or modified from time to time (the “Databrary Repository
User Guide”) with respect to the services or systems provided or
operated by the Databrary Repository.

The User hereby acknowledges receipt of the most current version, as of
the Effective Date, of the Databrary Repository User Guide.

This User Agreement and the Databrary Repository User Guide to the
extent that they govern or relate to the relationship between the
undersigned and the Databrary Repository will be governed by the law of
the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of law provisions
thereof.

It is understood and agreed that this document shall constitute a
separate agreement between the Databrary Repository, on the one hand,
and each entity/individual that is listed in Annex I hereto as amended
from time to time, on the other hand, as if each entity/individual has
executed a separate document naming only itself as the User, and that no
entity/individual that is listed in Annex I as amended from time to time
shall have any liability under this document for the obligations of any
other entity/individual that is listed in Annex I as amended from time
to time soley by reason of being listed in Annex I as amended from time
to time.

Annex I shall be amended by attaching an additional sheet thereto,
dated, and executed by the Databrary Repository and on behalf of each
entity/individual listed on such additional sheet in the same manner
that this User Agreement is executed. Unless otherwise instructed in
writing, the Databrary Repository will treat each entity/individual
listed in Annex I hereto as part of the same Family (as defined in the
User Guide) of Principal Investigators, Authorized Principal
Investigators, Affiliate Investigators or Affiliate Investigators, Data
Contributors, Third Party Users or Authorized Organizational
Representatives for purposes of the Databrary Repository User Guide.

Each entity/individual that is listed in Annex I (each such
entity/individually, the “User”)

BY:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Printed name of the entity/individual signing

AS:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Printed title and authorized role for the entity/individual

